# Capstone_404
This branch contains all code related to the application.

Essentially, the user will take every file from this branch except for the README and open it in GitHub Desktop. After opening it, the user will then fetch origin to ensure its updated, then click the "Repository" tab at the top, followed by "Open In Visual Studio Code". The code will then be on VSCode, where the user will then run the following commands in the terminal: "flutter clean ." -> "flutter create .". This basically gets the app downloaded in a format ready to send to a device. The user will then take an android device, connect it to the laptop/computer through the USB port, and turn USB debugging on in the android's developer settings. The next step is going back to VSCode and selecting the device to use. In this case, the device we want to use is the one currently connceted to the device. This list can be found by clicking on "Windows (windows-x64)" located at the bottom right of VSCode while in full screen. After selecting the connected device, run "flutter run" in the terminal. VSCode will then take 5-10 minutes to upload the application to the user's device, which can be used to act as a controller for the robot.

*Note that the user will need to set up their VSCode environment correctly and install the necessary plugins, such as Flutter, to make this process work. Additionally, the user will have to download and set up Android Studio which allows for debugging/installation of applications through VSCode onto Android devices.
